all right the first case this afternoon
is Justin Bieber mr. Bieber you are
charged with the following DUI alcohol
or drugs resisting without violence and
driving with an expired driver's license
and who is representing the state and
who's representing the defense in this
case
good afternoon come sorry good all right
the afternoon in your arm Roy black
appearing on behalf of mr. Bieber by his
manager and my partner has attempted to
talk to mr. Bieber at the TGK but they
would not allow him in but will be able
to proceed in any event okay thank you
one Christmas they're doing all right
number two man right ready all right mr.
Pres an Esther Craig Craig Craig oh okay
state judge on the case of mr. Bieber
the state says that Your Honor we agree
with it okay what would the standard
bond date on the counter resisting
without violence thousand thousand
dollars you why with you account
driver's license corrections on the X
bar do 500 500 run so the total bond
would be $2,500 broken down $1,000
resisting without violence $1,000 for
the DUI and $500 for the expired
driver's license is there anything else
before me involving mr. Deaver no your
honor but thank you very much for
hearing us right away and we appreciate
your honor its courtesy your luck